Client Encryption: Adds fix to allow partition key path and id to be part of client encryption policy. (#33648)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos-encryption/CHANGELOG.md

## Release History

### 2.0.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

#### Features Added
* Added support for allowing partition key path and id to be part of client encryption policy - See [PR 33648](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33648)

#### Breaking Changes

> * Adds code to support ParititonKey and Id encryption, when the PolicyFormatVersion is set to 2 - See [PR 33648](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33648)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for ParititonKey and Id encryption, when the PolicyFormatVersion is set to 2 - See [PR 33648](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33648)
```

Author: Added the change
